A clear June morning on the Oakland estuary. The fleet waits at the docks.
We gather at the yacht club for the morning briefing, life vests on and ready to go.
All hands turn to, readying the boats for the water.
Sails come out, lines are sorted, and everything is checked twice.
The mainsail climbs the mast, and the boat comes alive.
Smiles all around — this is what we came for.
One by one, we step aboard and find our places.
Out on the water, a young sailor takes the helm, the instructor right alongside.
Hands on the tiller, eyes on the sails, sailing the boat.
Around us, the bay is alive with boats under sail.
We glide down the estuary under a wide blue sky.
A fine day on the water, harnessing the wind — the whole point of BlindSail.